docs(connectors): Add precision concerning result expression and result variables (#5437)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.6/components/connectors/protocol/rest.md

## Response

The HTTP response will be available in a temporary local object variable. This variable can be mapped to the process by specifying the **Result variable**.

> The following fields are available in the returned object variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following variables are available in the context of the response expression:
```
